How it all started..
It all started during a long weekend in winter. I was at KUA, and there are ski trips every weekend. I was doing Nordic skiing as my winter activity, and on one of the bus rides back to school, we were planning to go alpine skiing. When I heard that there would be a ski trip that long weekend, I knew I had to go, but there were some major problems. First, I don’t have a ski or any equipment; second, I don’t have the ski pass, and it costs 100-200$ for a one-day pass; and lastly, the last time I skied was in 5th grade, but I remember it being kinda easy, plus I was doing Nordic skiing, which is not that similar, but I thought that they probably required some similar skills so I was kind of confident in my skiing abilities. The second problem was solved when my buddy Huy invited me to ski with him, and since he has the pass, he would be able to give me a discounted one-day pass price, which, to be fair, is still expensive (100$+). After a lot of convincing from him, I decided to buy the one-day pass because I don’t know when I would ever get the chance to ski with my friends at KUA again if I miss this chance. Boy, was I right that that would be my last time alpine skiing. So after asking 5 different people to lend me their skis, I borrowed a guy's skis and equipment, and Marco’s snow pants and neck warmer. I was ready for my first alpine skiing in 8 years. On the morning of the trip, I woke up sore from playing (my first at KUA) soccer last night. I got dressed, hopped in the van, and drank a can of Celsius. I even sent this to the group chat.

What happened...
The bus ride was a couple of hours long, but we eventually arrived at Stowe. I was hyped. We went to the counter to get my ticket and rode a lift up the mountain. The view was crazy with snows mountain surrounding us, something you definitely won’t see in Thailand. With me were (the boys) Takumi, Huy, James, Albert, and Kazuki. I was excited to have a time of my life (it better be a time of my life after spending 100$+ on the ticket). I remember reaching the top of the mountain and looking down for the first time. I had no idea what to do, so I watched other people going down for 3 whole seconds before concluding that the best way for me to learn was to send it. So I jumped down the hill. I started moving left, right, copying what other people were doing, and 5 seconds after, I found myself already doing parallel, and I thought to myself, “this shit is easy”. We went down together, and I asked my friends for coaching as I learned more and more. Some advice I still remember was to lean forward, which is scary to do when you are going straight down a hill on skis. Nevertheless, I followed the advice and just started sending it more because I know that that’s the best way to learn and to enjoy skiing, besides, what’s the worst that can happen? Famous last word from a guy who still doesn’t know what an ACL is. Anyway, we went down a couple of different routes for about 2 hours. We have about 6 hours there until we have to head back, so we stop for a quick lunch break. There was this really good onigiri place that unexpectedly wasn’t super overpriced, but sadly, I already brought my own protein bar and snacks, so I ate those. After we had finished eating, we hopped on the ski lift again to continue skiing. I remember going down this wide, flat slope with the gondola above me. Though the slope was flat, it was also kind of icy. Takumi had a GoPro that barely works in the cold, so I asked him to film me going down this slope. I started going a bit faster. Sending it more. And not long after he started filming, I tripped and fell. It felt like a ski got caught in the snow a bit, which is why I lost control, and my left ski got caught up in things when I was falling, which twisted my left knee. Takumi also crashed into me afterwards, but at that time, I was already on the floor in pain. All my friends even stranger check up on me, and we decided to wait a bit to see how my knee will be doing. I remember being in a lot of pain, but I thought it wasn’t something crazy. It felt something like a badly sprained ankle, but at my left knee instead. That was also what I thought it was. A sprained knee. After a while, we decided I would not be able to continue skiing, so they called the ski patrol, which carried me down, wrapped my knee, and ice it. And there I was, sitting in the bar with the school's faculty, waiting for other people to finish skiing while my left knee was screaming. I had hot cocoa, and after we were all done, we hopped on the bus and headed back. We even stopped at McDonald's on the wayback which I had to one-leg hop my way to. It was pretty late when we got back, and they dropped me off at my dorm. I hopped back to my room, showered, and went to bed. Even I am surprised how I managed to do all that without crutches, but remember, I thought it was just a sprained knee.

The aftermath...